add nvoid-lua/nvoid (#331)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [hackorum/VapourNvim](https://github.com/hackorum/VapourNvim) - A NeoVim config for THE ULTIMATE vim IDE-like experience.
- [vi-tality/neovitality](https://github.com/vi-tality/neovitality) - A full-featured NeoVim distribution, packaged with Nix Flake for easy installation and reproducibility.
- [siduck76/NvChad](https://github.com/siduck76/NvChad) - An attempt to make Neovim cli as functional as an IDE while being very beautiful and less bloated.

> - [nvoid-lua/nvoid](https://github.com/nvoid-lua/nvoid) - Simple neovim config wriiten in lua with all the modern features avilable in any **IDE**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [nvoid-lua/nvoid](https://github.com/nvoid-lua/nvoid) - Simple Neovim config written in Lua with all the modern features available in any **IDE**
```
